Add global version_comparator (#1919)
tauri-apps/plugins-workspace: .changes/add-global-updater-version-comparator.md

---

> 'updater': 'minor'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'updater': 'minor'
'updater-js': 'minor'
```

Reviewer: You also need to run `cargo fmt`

---

> Add a new method `version_comparator` on updater builder to set the default version comparator for the updater. This is useful for the js since it can't set a version comparator.

Reviewer: Apologies for the delay, just this simple change and I can merge

```suggestion
Add `tauri_plugin_updater::Builder::default_version_comparator` method to set the default version comparator for the updater.
```

Reviewer: just this simple change and I an merge
